# Usage
## Attributes
The PBS Admin script has a few attributes for customization.

`isVerified_Only` 

When enabled, will prompt for verification from admins if a user they are trying to give tools or edit the role of does not have a phone number or government ID linked with their roblox account. This feature is disabled by default, but if you are having issues with greifing this may help avoid giving alts tools.

`leaderstats`

When enabled, will generate leaderstats for the users Role. Will wait 5 seconds for leaderstats to be generated by another script and if there is still no leaderstats, will create its own leaderstats folder. Enabled by default.

`resetAssetsOnDeath` 

When enabled, will regenerate users tools and other role assets each time the player dies. This feature is disabled by default and should be used if you have a GUI that needs to be reset on spawn.

## Role Assets
Within PBS Admin is the Role Assets folder. It contains the subfolders `none`,`member`,`admin`,`owner`

When a player joins, or their role is updated, they will recieve any tools, GUIs, scripts, ect that are for their role or lower.

If one of these assets has the CollectionService tag `DontShareWithHigherRank` then they will only get this asset if they are that rank.

Tools are copied into the players Backpack and StarterGear, so they will respawn when the player dies.

If a player dies, any GUI with ResetOnSpawn set to true will be deleted and not regenerated. If you need to rely on ResetOnSpawn enable the `resetAssetsOnDeath` attribute on the main script.

## Editting Commands
If you want to change what rank is required for a command, open the command module and change the `minRank` value inside the .config table. `minRank` is a number which correlates to a role. 

`none` = 0, `member` = 1, `admin` = 2, `owner` = 3


If you would like to add or remove an alias for a command (one command can have multiple names) the config.aliases key should be an array of strings. (eg `{"tp", "teleport"}`)

Aliases should not include the name of the command, which is the name of the module itself. It is also safe to change the name of a module.


For more advanced information on editting commands, or creating your own, see the [Modding Guide](./Modding.md)

## Default Commands
PBS Admin by default includes 2 commands:

`role <use userid> <player or userid> <role>`

Changes a players role
`<use userid>` should be either true or false

`<player>` name should match the start of someones name in the server if use userid is false, otherwise an exact userid
- using 'me' as the player name will use yourself

`<role>` can be any of `'banned', 'none' or left blank, 'member', 'admin', 'owner'`

`tool <player>`

gives a player tools until the server restarts (if they rejoin and the server hasn't restarted they will still have tools). Gives them access to tools/assets as if their role was `member`

`<player>` name should match the start of someones name in the server
- using 'me' as the player name will use yourself

If a player already has tools for any role, it will replace them with tools/assets for the member role


you can run any command with `-help` after it (e.g. `role -help`) for ingame info on the command
These commands can called by owners and admins. Admins cannot modify the roles of other admins or owners, owners can modify anyone.

## Extra commands pack
The optional extra commands pack contains the following commands: